in this lesson i want to describe the
cloud adoption framework now we've
covered a lot of different governance
things
tagging and policy and rbac and much
much more and if i'm starting out or
maybe even experienced it might be
intimidating well what should i be doing
what are the best practices how do i
think about the steps to be successful
in the cloud
so cloud adoption framework is a set of
best practices about adopting the cloud
and it's easy to just go and look at the
cloud adoption framework site to get a
gist of what it's doing now i would
recommend
go through this starter page
look at the video
and understand really what it's focused
around is this idea of a life cycle
we're going to define our strategy and
there's various things that going to
drive what is our strategy our business
plans or projects then we're going to
plan
well
there's skills we have to get
there's plans for adopting the cloud we
have to set up azure set up landing
zones
expand it apply best practices my great
resources to azure maybe innovate around
azure there's a whole set of different
things
that we're going to want to do and then
there's an ongoing governance and
management of it
so cloud adoption framework has these
key stages to understand those stages
understand its design is really just
about well
how do i get a best practices cloud
adoption
and that's what this is really all about
so again my recommendation here is to
just go through this start page i would
just kind of watch the overview video
you could look at this idea of the
strategy and just these very basic
things you don't really need to
understand more than that
but just have a basic understanding of
what that cloud adoption framework is
and you should be in good shape